BUILDING.md: Add PortSMF Debian build instructions (#528)
tenacityteam/tenacity: BUILDING.md

sudo apt-get install build-essential libavcodec-dev libavformat-dev libavutil-dev libflac++-dev libglib2.0-dev libgtk-3-dev libid3tag0-dev libjack-dev liblilv-dev libmad0-dev libmp3lame-dev libogg-dev libpng-dev portaudio19-dev libportmidi-dev libserd-dev libsndfile1-dev libsord-dev libsoundtouch-dev libsoxr-dev libsuil-dev libtwolame-dev vamp-plugin-sdk libvorbis-dev lv2-dev zlib1g-dev cmake ninja-build libjpeg-dev libtiff-dev liblzma-dev libsqlite3-dev
```

The version of PortSMF included in Debian & Ubuntu distributions (`libportsmf-dev`)
is not included in the above list as it is outdated and might cause build problems

> in a later stage of the build. It is recommended to use a forked

Reviewer: "you may come across problems when you build Tenacity"

Author: Replaced as suggested

> [PortSMF](https://github.com/tenacityteam/portsmf) version built from source until

Reviewer: "that you should build from source"

`built from source` may confuse people as to whether we offer our own builds of the library.

Author: Done

the upstream version gets updated and it is confirmed that the build does not fail

> when using it. If you're installing PortSMF to any other location than the

Reviewer: This is a minor detail, but using `you're` is not very formal in English communications.

Author: Changed to you are

system-wide you should point CMake to the correct location by adding

> `-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/path/to/portsmf` to it's command line.

Reviewer: *its

Reviewer: s/to it's command line/to your parameters/

Reviewer: > s/to it's command line/to your parameters/

Someone else may have to correct me here.

Author: Done.

sudo apt-get install build-essential libavcodec-dev libavformat-dev libavutil-dev libflac++-dev libglib2.0-dev libgtk-3-dev libid3tag0-dev libjack-dev liblilv-dev libmad0-dev libmp3lame-dev libogg-dev libpng-dev portaudio19-dev libportmidi-dev libserd-dev libsndfile1-dev libsord-dev libsoundtouch-dev libsoxr-dev libsuil-dev libtwolame-dev vamp-plugin-sdk libvorbis-dev lv2-dev zlib1g-dev cmake ninja-build libjpeg-dev libtiff-dev liblzma-dev libsqlite3-dev
```

The version of PortSMF included in Debian & Ubuntu distributions (`libportsmf-dev`)

> is not included in the above list: It is outdated and using it may cause problems

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is not included in the above list: It is outdated and using it will cause Tenacity to fail to build.
```

> when building Tenacity. It is recommended to use a forked

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
when building Tenacity. If you want to use MIDI, it is recommended to use a forked
```
PortSMF is an optional dependency.

[PortSMF](https://github.com/tenacityteam/portsmf) version that you should build

> from source until the upstream version gets updated and it is confirmed that the

Reviewer: This sentence is VERY large and I can't quite understand the second part (after the "and").

Author: Rewording complete, should be easier to understand in the second part.

build does not fail when using it. If you are installing PortSMF to any other

> location than the system-wide you should point CMake to the correct location by

Reviewer: "than the system-wide" is unclear. I'm not sure how it could be improved though. Perhaps you could focus on the fact that the location is custom and chosen by the user instead, rather than "not the default location that Debian packages use"

Author: Replaced system-wide with the actual locations, also added suggested examples.

> point CMake to it by adding `-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/path/to/portsmf` to your parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
point CMake to it by adding `-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/path/to/portsmf` to the CMake configuration step.
```

sudo apt-get install build-essential libavcodec-dev libavformat-dev libavutil-dev libflac++-dev libglib2.0-dev libgtk-3-dev libid3tag0-dev libjack-dev liblilv-dev libmad0-dev libmp3lame-dev libogg-dev libpng-dev portaudio19-dev libportmidi-dev libserd-dev libsndfile1-dev libsord-dev libsoundtouch-dev libsoxr-dev libsuil-dev libtwolame-dev vamp-plugin-sdk libvorbis-dev lv2-dev zlib1g-dev cmake ninja-build libjpeg-dev libtiff-dev liblzma-dev libsqlite3-dev
```

The version of PortSMF included in Debian & Ubuntu distributions (`libportsmf-dev`)

> is not included in the above list: It is outdated and using it will cause Tenacity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is not included in the above list because it is outdated and using it will cause Tenacity
```

to fail to build. If you want to use MIDI, it is recommended to use a forked
[PortSMF](https://github.com/tenacityteam/portsmf) version that you should build

> from source until the upstream version gets updated. If you are installing PortSMF

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from source until the packaged version gets updated. If you are installing PortSMF
```
